README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/Xsmitylnwza/PROJECT1-SEC-2-WeLoveReact/blob/main/public/images/group-logo.png"/></p>

# PROJECT-SEC-2-WeLoveReact💕

# Decrypt : The Secret Password

The web-based game, Decrypt the password by following the difficult and creative rules within the time limit.

## Features

- Tracking your each character that you type.
- Rules for controlling the password's scope. (If the rule is correct, the next rule will be unlocked.)
- Selecting the difficulty level and character to challenge youself.
- Timer to decrypt the password within the specified time.
- Manual for beginner.
- Animations time out and win the game.
- Music turned on and off during a play.

## How to play

## References
- Image : [DeepAI](https://deepai.org/machine-learning-model/text2img)

## Member
### นายมณฑล มักคุ้น 65130500067 😎
### นาย ศักดิ์สิทธิ์ ตติไตรสกุล 65130500078 💵
### นาย สรณัฐ เเสงรุ่งเรือง 65130500082 😊
### นาย ชัยมงคล ศอกกำปัง 65130500099 😉
### นายศักย์ศรัณย์ อัครเมธาวงศ์ 65130500118 😀

Commit message:

Update gameplay in README.md

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/Xsmitylnwza/PROJECT1-SEC-2-WeLoveReact/blob/main/public/images/group-logo.png"/></p>

# PROJECT-SEC-2-WeLoveReact💕

# Decrypt : The Secret Password

The web-based game, Decrypt the password by following the difficult and creative rules within the time limit.

## Features

- Tracking your each character that you type.
- Rules for controlling the password's scope.
- Selecting the difficulty level to challenge youself. (The character will change following the level of difficulty.)
- Timer to decrypt the password within the specified time.
- Manual for beginner.
- Animations time out and win the game.
- Music turned on and off during a play.

## How to play

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/Xsmitylnwza/PROJECT1-SEC-2-WeLoveReact/blob/main/public/images/gameplay.gif"></p>

### Gameplay

- Type something in textbox to start the game.
- The rule will appear when you start typing. If the rule is correct, the next rule will be unlocked.
- The timer will be counted down after typing. If the time runs out, you will lose the game.
- Open your mind, creativity and play.
<br>

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/Xsmitylnwza/PROJECT1-SEC-2-WeLoveReact/blob/main/public/images/select-mode.gif"></p>

### Game mode

- Game mode will be change if you click on the level of difficulty and game will be restarted.
- Now we have 3 modes: Hard, Very Hard and Hardest.

## References
- Gameplay : [The Password Game](https://neal.fun/password-game/)
- Image AI : [DeepAI](https://deepai.org/machine-learning-model/text2img)

## Member
- นายมณฑล มักคุ้น 65130500067 😎
- นาย ศักดิ์สิทธิ์ ตติไตรสกุล 65130500078 💵
- นาย สรณัฐ เเสงรุ่งเรือง 65130500082 😊
- นาย ชัยมงคล ศอกกำปัง 65130500099 😉
- นายศักย์ศรัณย์ อัครเมธาวงศ์ 65130500118 😀
